Update scopes docs (#7071)
auth0/docs: articles/api-auth/tutorials/represent-multiple-apis.md

---
title: Represent Multiple APIs Using a Proxy API in Auth0
description: How to use a single proxy API in Auth0 to represent and control access to multiple APIs.
topics:
  - api-authentication
  - oidc
  - apis
  - scopes
  - permissions
contentType: tutorial
useCase:
  - secure-api
  - call-api
---

> # Represent Multiple APIs Using a Proxy API in Auth0

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the term Proxy. Maybe "Logical API" is better. The intent here I think is that a customer might have multiple API implementations (let's say a microservices architecture, so a calendar service and a contact service) so there are several distinct API implementations but they are all logically a part of the same API (Organizer service).

> # Represent Multiple APIs Using a Proxy API in Auth0

Reviewer 2: In general I like the approach that this docs page is providing, but I'm not sure I agree with the use of the term "proxy". When it comes to API's, proxies usually refer to actual services that sit in front of downstream services (eg. an Nginx reverse-proxy in front of the Contacts and Calendar services). But we're just taking two _separate_ APIs and logically _combining_ them in the Auth0 configuration in order to simplify the authorization process. We're not telling customers to create an actual proxy service (although they certainly could). Personally, I think the term "single logical API" more clearly communicates the idea.

```suggestion
# Represent Multiple APIs Using a Single Logical API in Auth0
```

![](/media/articles/api-auth/tutorials/represent-multiple-apis/dashboard-apis.png)

2. When prompted, provide a **name** and **identifier** for the new API, and choose the **signing algorithm** for the tokens obtained for this API.

For the purpose of this sample, we'll call our API `Organizer Service` and set its unique identifier to `organize`. By default, the signing algorithm for the tokens obtained for this API is **RS256**, which we will leave as is.

When finished, click **Create**.

![](/media/articles/api-auth/tutorials/represent-multiple-apis/create-new-api.png)

## Configure permissions for the proxy API

To allow the proxy API to represent the APIs included within the sample application, you will need to create the proper permissions.

Permissions allow you to define which API actions will be accessible to calling applications. One permission (or scope) will represent one API/action combination. 

For example, if you want calling applications to be able to `read` and/or `delete` from one API called `samples` and another one called `examples`, you would need to create the following permissions:

* `read:samples`
* `delete:samples`
* `read:examples`

> * `delete: examples`

Reviewer 2: There shouldn't be a space in the scope names:
```suggestion
* `delete:examples`
```
